---
layout: post
title: 24 Hours in Berlin, Germany
date: 2020-03-30 14:52
published: false
header_feature_image: _uploads/berlinheader.jpg
caption:
tags:   
- travel
- travelling
- culture
- art
- Germany
- berlin
 # use [tag1,tag2]
---

The Berlin Wall is an iconic landmark which receives hundreds of thousands of visitors each year. We were fortunate enough to stop off at Berlin while travelling through Europe. After a five hour train journey from Prague, we found ourselves in the country I grew up in, Germany. Germany has always been just about the safest and nicest places I've ever been, and was more than happy to return to.

After finding our hostel and eating some much needed lunch - Currywurst - we decided to make our way around the iconic Wall. The Berlin Wall began separating Germany in 1961, remaining up until 1989 - ending the Cold War. This Wall divided a country both physically and mentally for over 20 years, and is now home to some of the most bright and beautiful murals in Europe.

The Wall was longer than we imagined, so we couldn't see all the iconic pieces of art, however we managed to see The Fraternal Kiss, The Trabant, and The wall Jumper. Every piece of art which covered the crumbling Wall was bright and colourful, drawing in visitors and photographers alike. It was a beautiful piece of irony that the once hideous, dividing Wall is now home to the most free artistic expressions.

We walked along the wall for perhaps four hours before we decided to rest, stumbling into the quieter areas of Berlin. We found a small and sweet cupcake bakery which we settled outside of for an hour, taking a rest before making our way on yet another train journey. Unfortunately, our stay in Berlin seemed shorter than most, as we got there late and had to leave early the next day.

We said a sad goodbye to the art and uniqueness of Berlin as we began our journey to Hamburg. Berlin will remain one of our favourite cities in Europe, the eclectic mix of a devastating history and a bright future drew us in, and we would happily go back. 
